well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh
the phone call
trump's uh less than perfect phone call
i would assume by now everybody's
listened to it
or at least heard the clips i will tell
you i listen to the whole thing
context does not make it better
it certainly appears to me that the
president of the united states
attempted to bully a state
elected official into subverting
an election that is the appearance
for his part the president has kind of
indicated that he's going to sue
over the release of the tape i'll just
go ahead and point out
georgia is a one-party state
um only one party has to get consent for
the call to be recorded
even if this was as some have suggested
part of some settlement
and it should have been protected i
would suggest
that lesser harm would certainly come
into play
releasing the phone call is uh
certainly the lesser harm if the other
option is standing idly by
while an attempted coup is going on
i do want to stop here and point out
that uh those who watch this channel
most of us we knew who he was we knew
what he was we knew what trump
was we knew he was going to do this
he rounded out every one of those 14
characteristics
we knew that seeing him do it
isn't really a surprise honestly the
real surprise to me
is how resilient the
american system has been at withstanding
him
truthfully and while
evil may come from authoritarian
top down power structures
all too often good comes from the
individual
and i do want to take a short moment
and just kind of tip my hat to the
secretary of state from georgia
set politics aside for a second
i don't know that he and i would agree
on
anything but i can't acknowledge
that when this chapter of american
history is written
it's going to be on the right side this
is a person who received a phone call
from the president of the united states
the leader of their party
like hey i need a favor and
realistically
it would have been pretty easy to
provide that favor
chose not to that level of integrity
should be the standard however all too
often it is not
now the next question what happens now
what do we do many have suggested
that the president broke the law
it would appear that way to me not a
legal scholar
but it certainly looks that way
should be handled like any other
criminal matter
the president of the united states is no
longer the president in a matter of days
there will be those people who want to
kind of let bygones be bygones
we don't want the scandal protect the
institution of the presidency and all
that
i would point out that in order to
protect the institution of the
presidency you have to have an elected
president
this can't go uh
this can't go without accountability
presidents have skirted the law for a
long time
this was incredibly blatant it was
incredibly open think about the number
of people who were on this call
because there's no fear of
accountability
i think that that's incredibly important
at this point we will we will
end up losing some of the resiliency
this system has shown
if the president is able to do whatever
they wish
and behave as if they are above the law
a lot of presidents have done it this
one took it to an extreme
i would uh imagine this conversation is
going to be going on for a couple of
days
there are some other interesting tidbits
in the call beyond what's mainly being
reported
is is that obviously but there's some
other stuff
and we'll talk about a little bit later
today
but i do kind of want to
remind everybody that
this isn't over trump out
short-term goal
this doesn't end on january 20th
the remnants
of trumpism of his regime
they'll still be in power in a lot of
places
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day